what do you want to say to me I'm here
to listen to whatever you have to say
I'm going to kill you father certainly a
startling open line you think it was an
idle track I don't know I'm not sure
you're not sure means it's possible
value of Christ things you're hearing
confessions in these days the Lord
felching is I dunno what felching is
yeah just a lot of that's what I've
always liked about your father
you're just a little too sharp for this
parish Pinsky man your father a good man
a fine man nobody around here is a bad
word to say about him makes you wonder
what he's hiding
I'm gonna kill you cuz you're innocent
give you enough time to put your house
in order
son the week let's say could have word
in private
we don't get a lot in here we'll have to
make love to keep warm finish with all
your gobbledygook every life is sacred
Frank for God's sake some are less
sacred than others the commandment thou
shalt not kill does not have an asterisk
referring you to the list of instances
where it's okay to kill people
what about self-defense it's a tricky
one alright what does this man want
there's no point in killing a bad grease
T but killing a good one that'll be a
shock I call the fire brigade funner
takes a lot of nerve to burn down a
church I'd say it was the Romanians
they're awful heedless the Romanians
nobody where I grudge against your
father not that could be half the
country tapers God you don't even
realize it
my time will never be gone I think
there's too much talk about sins not
enough talk about virtues I'll be your
number one I think forgiveness has been
highly underrated do you not have intent
to say ask me Father
not right now no I'm sure I think of
something where Sunday we